Book them back my student.
So let's keep going where application let's keep writing more Your else.
So we have the front page.
All mostly all working right now the only thing that we need to do is replace the slings links right
because as you saw there when I click here it takes me to it's that BHB So what you might want to do
is you want to go to your head or whatever that is.
I think in this case we have here which would be the navigation school back here.
Let's see where I put that so all in close navigation.
OK that's navigation.
Called see a mess front.
See if I remember where I put this the right ear.
So if I replace this and you place in there save in come back here.
Now if I click that you can see that it's not there.
OK.
You can also place a forward slash like this save.
Come back here and you click on it.
Let's just take that out.
Well.
Are you my.
Why you want to do actually let's go back here.
Say see a mess like that.
To fix that.
As you can see now is good.
OK.
So let's go and try to get this poll here fixed up so that we you have an idea how we can do this to
the other pages because once I show you how to do it to this page you have to replace the query string
because we have a query string here.
We're going to be able to do it for categories or whatever other page you have.
Right.
We're going to be able to do it for whatever other pages.
So I'm going to show you how to do it for that page.
That way you have an idea how to do it for the rest.
So let's get to it.
Let's go and let's write something for post.
Let's come back here and let's see what we got.
All we need to match post up BHB.
Well we need to match this guy here as well.
And we placed this OK.
All right let's go back.
Let's see how we can do this.
Let's create another rewrite rule.
Rewrite rule and I want interests to start with post.
So when you find posts I want you to find actually.
Let's just start post that BHB
and well we know that he has the underscore ID and we don't know the value yet.
So we're going to just put that back here.
OK I'm going to do it like this so that way you can have an idea of what I'm doing.
OK.
So I want to match that.
But we can actually even make our own queries we can make our own you or else here.
OK.
So not only are we we can matchable we can replace it even make it tight and you or you or else if we
wanted to.
So what I'm going to do is going to say whoa stop like this OK.
And once you see post I want you to put a forward last year I'm going to put a parenthesis here like
this and this.
This is the backslash OK.
And the means digit.
So I want you to go ahead and match any digits you got there and save it.
You see the parentheses there.
OK.
And and so I'm going to end that and the right here let me just bring that back here it's together.
I'm just going to put a space there and now whatever did you find there.
I want you to play them here and we're going to use a dollar symbol in one.
OK.
Now guys this is just a little bit of regular expressions and boy might seem confusing but once you
take my course a regular expression this is going to become super easy to understand and you're going
to be able to do a lot more than what you see right now.
This is just the tip of the iceberg.
But anyway so we ended up with if not case sensitive and last and that's it I think we should be good
here.
There's nothing else.
Make sure you save it.
And now this is 1:13.
Let's go back here and now if we put post for us last 113 enter.
And as you can see we get the post but we're not getting styles and you might be wondering why that
is I'm going to tell you right now why it is.
What if you go to Hetter in your front page.
Right now what you need to do with links because this is going to break some links.
OK.
So what you need to do is you need to actually put down your whole relative path here.
Right now we have Ardai HGH is right here.
OK we got to tell it well that the says is coming from this folder in this CSSA folder here.
So for Slash see a mess and that's it.
Or slashy a mess for Slash of course saving come back here and refresh that.
And while it works you look at that that looks a lot better than the question we had.
Right.
And it doesn't affect the speed of the site.
Now one thing that I want to fix is that we are and we go back here if we click here you can see that
you are able to link down here.
He has a quite a string.
So we still getting that.
Let's go to him that's and finish the that BHP and right here instead of actually having all these squares
straight.
Now we could do this.
Post folks Slash come back here
click here and La see that beautiful.
Now of course we don't have the image OK.
That's just.
And you might want to work on facing that.
Well let's come back here real quick.
We need to fix that link.
And we see that was them.
OK.
We need to fix that.
And when I come back on the next lecture We'll fix that and we will get things working OK.
Because so much and I'll see you in the next lecture.